Project Description: RAHBER - Life is All About Learning

Rahber is an innovative educational web application designed to facilitate seamless communication and interaction between students and teachers. The platform offers various functionalities to enhance online learning experiences, including 
real-time chat, meeting scheduling, file sharing, and personalized task management
Key Features:
- User Authentication: Secure login for students, teachers, and admins.
- Live Chat & Video Conferencing: Enables real-time discussions and doubt-solving sessions.
- Course & Study Material Management:Students can access study materials and notes.
- Event Scheduling: Calendar-based event and meeting scheduling for better organization.
- To-Do List: A personal task manager for students and teachers.
- Admin Dashboard:Manage users, course materials, and event records.

Technologies Used:
- Frontend: React.js, Bootstrap, JavaScript
- Backend: Node.js, Express.js
- Database: MongoDB
- Additional Tools:CommetChat for messaging, ZegoCloud for video meetings, Botpress for chatbot interactions.

This project aims to create an interactive, user-friendly, and engaging educational platform that improves collaboration between students and teachers.

Installation & Setup
1.Clone the repo.

2.install dependencies:
    a.npm install
    b. Backend dependencies
       npm install express mongoose cors
       npm install --save-dev nodemon
    c.syncfusion dependencies
        npm install @syncfusion/ej2-react-schedule @syncfusion/ej2-dropdowns @syncfusion/ej2-base
    d. ZegoCloud dependencies
        npm install @zegocloud/zego-uikit-prebuilt

3.Start the project
   a. Run the following command for BackEnd 
       cd BackEnd
       npx nodemon ./index.js
       (you will see connected to MongoDB sucessfully)
   b.  Run the following command for FrontEnd 
       cd FrontEnd
       npm run both

4. For ChatBot you need high connectivity WiFi
   Start Conversation with ChatBot sending "Hi" after name and first FAQ you can select "YES" On question "Do you have any other question?"
   it will fetch the answers from ChatGPT. You can ask any questions
   (this is beneficial for enrolled students and tean members to get their questions
   answered without opening ChatGPT)

6. For ContactUs and Registration Form add the valid and working EmailID as the autogenerated email will be send on the provided EmailID

7. For Student Login Use Credentials
   LoginID  Suhasni
   Password Sona

8. For Admin Login use credentials
   LoginID Saisha
   Password Saisha

The Chat feature might not work as the supported files are not included due to memory constraint.
